WISCONSIN DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES 
LEGAL NOTICES, DISCLAIMERS AND TERMS OF USE
Downloaded from WiDNR Website  5/28/98


DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

Neither the State of Wisconsin, the Department of Natural Resources nor 
any of its employees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect 
use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no 
responsibility for anyone's use of the information. In no event shall 
the Department or its employees be liable for any direct, indirect, 
incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but 
not limited to, procurement or substitute goods or services; loss of 
use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on 
any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort 
(including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of 
this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. This 
disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but 
not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, 
omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or 
transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or 
destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, 
whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under 
any other cause of action. 


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND ACCURACY OF DATA

Although the data found using the Department's access systems have been 
produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no 
warranty, expressed or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, 
completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information. 
This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the 
information. The Department provides this information on an "as is" 
basis. All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not 
limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a 
particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and 
non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed. Changes may be 
periodically made to the information herein; these changes may or may 
not be incorporated in any new version of the publication. If you have 
obtained information from the Department from a source other than the 
Department, be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to 
original distribution. Data can also quickly become out-of-date. It is 
recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any data 
associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or 
information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use. 



DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT

The Department is a distributor of content sometimes supplied by third 
parties and users. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, 
or other information or content expressed or made available by third 
parties, including information providers, users, or others, are those of 
the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state 
or reflect those of the Department and shall not be used for advertising 
or product endorsement purposes. Reference herein to any specific 
commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, 
manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its 
endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the Department. 


CHOICE OF LAW

Construction of the disclaimers above and resolution of disputes thereof 
are governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin. The laws of the 
state of Wisconsin, U.S.A., shall apply to all uses of this data and 
this system. By use of this system and any data contained therein, the 
user agrees that use shall conform to all applicable laws and 
regulations and user shall not violate the rights of any third parties. 

